From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number two 78. Recorded
live Thursday, August 4th, 2011. Support for
Hanselminutes is provided by Telerik
rad controls, the most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forums and asp.net web applications
online@wwwdottelrik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Scott Hunter about the
direction of ASP, the recent
Azure web reorg and the
future of open source at
Microsoft. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes today on
the show, my boss, another
Scott, of course, we all
know that at Microsoft, your
ability to move up and
the company is tied directly
to whether or not your
name is Scott. In fact,
this is not Scott Guthrie. This
is Scott Hunter, one of the
1500 Scouts that work at
the company. How's it going,
sir? Are you going to
call out that we are
the lesser Scott's? Yes. This
is a very good point.
When we are in meetings,
when there are many, many
Scotts, particularly when Scott Guthrie or
the goo is present, some
of our friends, particularly Cura
Richardson has taken it to
calling Scott Hunter and Scott Hanselman,
the lesser Scots. So we
are collectively the lesser Scott's
the lesser. Yes, indeed. Thanks
for having me on the
show. Scott. No worries. So
let's get right to some
of the confusion that's going
on. So rumors are Guthrie
has left the building, abandoned
the web group and moved,
moved over to Azure and
that's a confusing and scary
sounding. What is really happened
and where, where are we?
Because I work for you
and you work for goo
where's where's our group and
how, how did this work
out? Yeah, so it, it
really is not as much
of a change as, as
people would expect. So when
Scott moved into the new
Azure application platform team, he
brought a bunch of sub
teams of Microsoft with him.
So for example, one of
those teams was the team
that's got Hansen and I
are on, which is formerly
called the web platform and
tools team that makes up
visual, visual web developer, parts
of visual studio, asp.net, what
matrix I S so that
that group moves in with
Scott. We also were able
to move some other groups
in with Scott as well,
such as the workflow team
and the WCF team. And
in a lot of ways,
I think that'll be a
benefit to all of our
customers because before we were
kind of in different groups,
meaning that, you know, a
lot of things that WCF
team does in some ways
look very close if you
squint. So what the ASP
net team does and having
us together in one team
is gonna allow us to
do a lot more collaboration
that we've done in the
past. And so I think
we can do some good
convergence on those two technologies
and make them make the
experience much cleaner for our
customers. I should also point
out that as part of
this new Azure application platform
team, we also brought in
the people in Microsoft that
work on the portal for
Azure. So if you create
an Azure account, this, this
team works on that experience,
the experience of billing, the
experience of creating a, you
know, Azure SQL account, any,
any kind of quarterly part
of, of Azure is kind
of been brought in as
well. And the fabric team,
which provides a bunch of
the services that are available
on the Azure platform for
customers, you know, that could
be things like caching. That
could be things like service
bus, and a variety of
other, other technologies, such as
storage and stuff like that.
And so all these teams
come under Scott and the
reason they're all under Scott
and this new in this
new org is because everything
that I kind of listed,
if you think about it
could be used if you're
building cloud applications. So in
some way where the cloud
application platform team, now I'm
trying to optimize on, on
developer experience for customers that
wants to host their applications
in the cloud. Okay, let
me, let me try to
do a little translation because
sometimes when we talk to
Microsoft people, even, even people
that are kind of down
to earth, like myself and
yourself, we get into a
kind of, you know, Microsoft
speak, marketing speak and stuff
like that. So I really
want to break it down
for the developer. Who's listening.
When he, when you say
he moved a couple of
groups, this is like hundreds
of people though, right? Yeah.
This, this, this, I think
the combined team has over
600 people. So It's an
easy thing to say, Oh
yeah, we moved a couple
of people or we moved
a couple of groups, but
really what's happening from my
perspective. And tell me if
I'm right. Cause I, I
mean, I get the memos
and I've talked to Scott,
but this is still just,
we're all kind of getting
our brains around this all
web development stuff is in
one place now, like before
Azure was Azure and web
platform was web platform, but
now any, any angle bracket
generation is in one place,
is that right? Yes. And
I would say even more
than that though, I mean,
you know, you just mentioned
like I S an ASP
net, any, any web development,
but you know, also web
development is if you create
a restful endpoint with WCF,
you know, that's, that's something
that's, that's, even though that
they consider themselves the, you
know, a different, what does
the VCF stand for? Windows
communication foundation? I think anything
like that, that, you know,
anything that's accessible via the
web you're right, is, is
part of this new, this
new org. And, you know,
I also can quell people's,
you know, thoughts on union
Scott going to be like
less involved with asp.net. I
was on vacation, they'll have
two days. And Scott at
the spur of the moment
had a fill in the
lawn as Phil hack and
Elon Lipton from the team
here, come over and present
the Scott, you know, how's
the next version of ABC
NBC coming along and what
are we working on? And
just two days before that
he had met with Damien
Edwards from our team, we
worked on some of the
web form stuff and wanted
to see some videos of
what we're doing with web
forms. So, you know, his
involvement with.net is, is to
me the same as it
was before. Just more, maybe
more focused now because it's
purely the website. So he's
got, he has more jaw,
he has more stuff to
do. He's like, his job
is bigger. The scope of
his job is bigger, but
it's almost like they've expanded
web development to include, you
know, both hosted and cloud
all in one, one Scott
goo organization. Yeah. Okay. And,
and like you said, not
just asp.net, but like I've
always thought before I worked
at Microsoft that our, our
story around what I would
call kind of web applications,
like real enterprise, big type
of applications, like your, you
know, your Dells or your
banks and stuff like that
almost was treated differently. Like
there's asp.net applications. And then
there's like big, complicated multi-tiered
stuff. And before there was
like this app fabric, this
windows server app fabric group
that had things like velocity,
which is the caching and
workflow and long running workflow,
and the kinds of complicated
applications that you see behind
the firewall, you know, inside
of a big company. And
that was another whole org
itself as well at Microsoft.
Right? And that org is
that that org is now
part of this new, bigger
business unit as well, providing
those same services in the
cloud. And there's, there's a
variety of things there, if
you will, if you want
to store files in the
cloud, you know, they've got
a service for that. As
you mentioned, they've got caching.
If you want to do
caching in the cloud, they
have all these mechanisms that
if you there's, there's a
component of that called service
bus, and I'm not super
familiar with it, but I
know that the general premise
of that is I'm one
of those big enterprise customers
like Dell, that you just
mentioned. And I've got all
my sensitive data in my
servers sitting behind the firewall,
but I want to run
a website outside the firewall.
And I wanted to send
my proxy, my data back
and forth in a secure
manner through the firewall boundaries.
And that's what the service
bus services. And I think
you'll find that as we
grow, you'll see more services,
you know, land on this
app fabric fabric. I could
easily see us having a
way to a notification service
that works across tablets, desktops,
phones, for example, variety of
things we could offer in
the cloud. So asp.net, I
guess, Azure app fabric. And
then you also said briefly
windows communication foundation. And we
know that Glen block has
been doing a lot of
work with that group, trying
to get a rest services
kind of thing, working. So
that's kind of all asp.net
and WCF almost are kind
of merging, you know, in
an organizational sense. At least
They're not merging, they're a
lot closer than they were
before that before, before both
of those teams are in
totally different business units and
they kind of had their
own agendas. And the benefit,
the benefit to me of
having everybody in the same
business unit is now we'll
have a shared agenda examples
of how we can help
our customers. There is today,
if you want to use,
you know, Glenn blocks is
a great example. You know,
he's working on something called
web API right now, but
whether it be, I kind
of stands on its own.
What if I'm building an
MVC application? Do I do
my wrestle services and NBC,
or do I do web
API and having our two
teams a lot closer together
is going to let us
rationalize that and hopefully provide
the customer with a smoother
experience as well, where they're
not going, when do I
do a versus when do
I do B you know,
what, if we had a
similar, similar way of writing
restful services across both Deb
CF and asp.net, well, then
we help everybody. If you're
an NBC guy, you right
in the same pattern that
the web API guys going
and vice versa. So those
are areas where we plan
to collaborate on the future.
And hopefully, you know, as
I said, bring the products
closer together. And like in
the past, that's kind of
a good example of how
Microsoft being so big has
been difficult. I mean, I
remember a year ago, or
even longer than a year
ago, talking to people over
in the WCF team saying,
gosh, I wish that this
stuff fit better into the
asp.net world. And, you know,
there's two different ways to
make, you know, two different
ways to make rest services,
three different ways to make
rest services. And then I
felt the same thing about
app fabric that, you know,
this is interesting, but now
there's half a dozen different
ways to make session state.
Scott likes his things tidy.
I mean, you see almost
kind of like de fragmenting
the entire story and making
it tidy. I think in
the long run, that's what
we're going to see is,
you know, I can already
tell you, he's been asking
us, Hey, how, how can
we make web API and
ASP net not look so
different? How can we make
them closer? How can we
make, you know, as you
said, one of Scott's big
focuses is, you know, not,
not telling the customer, Hey,
here's 12 ways to shoot
yourself in the foot. Let's
give them one prescribed way
of doing things. You start,
you started seeing us going
in that path in dot
four and, and with NBC
three, where yeah, there's, you
know, Microsoft got a ton
of data stories and we've
got, you know, linked to
sequel. And if the framework
idea of that net, but,
you know, by default in
the box with NBC three,
we, we put one in
which was the new framework
code first. Hopefully that means
if you're a new customer
on our platform, you don't
play the guessing game of
which, which do I use
and why. And I think
you'll continue to see that
process go through other things
like weather API, for example,
you know, the one we
were just talking about solve
that same rationalization, where while
there's two ways to do
it, which way should I
do it and why would
I do it that way?
And when would I do
it that way? You know,
that's that's feedback. I think,
you know, you've probably heard
from our customers as well,
Scott, that, you know, Microsoft
doesn't tell us what we
should be using and there's
lots of choices. So speaking
of the choices though, there's,
there's two competing things and
I've talked to you about
this, cause I'm kind of
one of the primary guys
that goes out in the
community and talks to people
and brings back feedback. But
there is a, there's a
group in the community that
wants prescriptions. They want to
say, just tell me the
right way to do this.
Tell me the way that'll
be supported that won't, you
know, shoot me in the
foot that my company won't
regret in some number of
years. And then there's the
other group that says, it's
great that you're prescribing this,
but I really would rather
have the ability to use
this injection framework or that
test framework. So there are
people who want to buy
their Legos and follow the
kit. And then there are
the people who want to,
you know, bring in Legos
from outside. And I know
I've been pushing this Lego
thing hard, pretty hard lately.
Yeah. We definitely want to
support both of those. I
mean, a great example of
that to me was, you
know, Steve Sanderson from our
team, if anybody knows him,
he, he worked on the
scaffolding support that we added
in NBC three. And, and
even though we added that
scaffolding support and it was
only MVC scaffolding support, there's
nothing preventing you from using
that same scaffolding work on,
on web form, for example.
And so while we offer
something with a prescriptive model,
we do have all the
hooks, hopefully that you can
plug whatever you want in
NBC three is I think
a great example, again, is,
you know, if you want
to, if you want to
plug the scaffolding with some
other scaffolding, so we have
scaffolding built in the box.
So if you are building
an MVC application and have
a data model, we can
easily have it build some
pages for you that give
you a generic experience against
your data model, which you
could then go and customize.
And by default, that uses
what we ship in the
box, but all the hooks
are already there that if
you want, you can go
download Steve Sanderson's standalone package
on new Getz and plug
it in, basically replacing the
one that we actually have
in the box with one,
with his implementation, you know,
on top of that in
the future, you'll be able
to actually plug in, for
example, a web form scaffolding.
And so, yeah, while we're,
while we are prescriptive, you
know, we're all about choice
as well, but we know
that as you said, those
are two different customers. If
you're a brand new customer,
you probably want prescriptive. If
you're a hardcore developer, that's
been using the platform for
five, 10 years, you know,
you probably want to roll
your own or use whatever
things you're comfortable with. And
we want to support both
of those models that filament
Stack overflow dev days, the
universe is best conference series
by coders for coders is
back this fall bigger and
better than ever. I've personally
been involved in selecting the
speakers for the San Francisco
show. It's going to be
fantastic. Now stack overflow dev
days, is it fast paced
two day conference? You're going
to learn the latest new
technologies you might not be
using. DVCS no JS F
sharp am I learning? We
mean that the speakers are
actually coding, not just rambling
on about ROI and doing
PowerPoint slides. After two days
at stack overflow dev days,
you will leave with solid
knowledge about the ins and
of these technologies. You're going
to see awesome speakers like
John skeet, Mark Ravel, Roy
, Rob Connery, Paul Iris,
Scott Yukon. And of course
Joel Spolsky and even members
of the stack exchange dev
team will be speaking at
these events. They're going to
give you the inside scoop
on all the awesome that
makes up stack overflow. To
top it off. You'll enjoy
lots of networking opportunities with
your fellow programmers, and you'll
really get to put a
human face to that Gravatar
experience at all. At stack
overflow dev days, it's a
ridiculously inexpensive price. And as
a Hansel minutes listener, you
get 25% off using the
discount code, Hansel minutes on
the registration page, check it
out now@devdaysdotstackoverflow.com. How many times
do we get pushback on
stuff like that? Like, I
think it's obvious and we
always push that. And I
think that that's, that's spread
out to all of asp.net
and I S and hopefully
we'll spread that kind of
attitude to all the other
org underneath Scott. You know,
I mean, Scott helps set
the tone. I help set
the tone, you and fail.
We all, we all are
very likeminded, but we aren't
all of Microsoft though. You
know, how much, how many
times are we going to
get pushback? You know, we've
gotten pushback before. There's an
area of pushback on that.
I'm going to bring up
there. There's a classic example
of pushback, but there is,
there is that, that pushback,
but I think what's kind
of going on is, you
know, why, why our teams
started making these changes kind
of goes back to about
two years ago when we
were comparing asp.net against some
of our competition, which includes
things like PHP, Ruby on
rails. We're looking, you know,
we're looking at how does
our platform can compare to
these things. And one of
the things that is interesting
is, you know, if you
use Ruby by default, there's
a data story built in.
If you use a PHP,
there's a bunch of examples
that are built in now,
they, their PHP is a
little bit closer to us
because there is, there's some
overlap there as well. But
one of the common themes
when we started looking at,
at our platform versus some
of our competitor platforms was,
you know, our tools, it
kind of got complicated and,
you know, our frameworks has
started to get kind of
complicated. And we went through
a whole process of process
of building something which was
called it was code named
plan nine for a while,
and eventually shipped earlier this
year as webpages with razor
syntax, that same razor syntax
is available for NBC as
well. And part of that
whole process of building that
new product that was trying
to compete better against some
of our competition was trying
to teach the whole team
that we'd gotten complicated. And
we had too many, we
were giving developers so many
choices that the developer was
confused. And so over the
last year, year and a
half, we kind of trained
our whole team that let's
look for ways to make
a developer productive. Let's look
at adding features that are
features. They're not demos. You
know, a lot of, you
know, I'm sure we've been
accused of building features that
are only good for demos,
but when you start trying
to use them in the
real world, they fall apart.
So, you know, try to
stay away from building demo
features and building real world
real world features, focusing on
simplicity, make them very easy
to use. You know, I,
I think you coined the
term around this, Scott, what
developer happiness. I think that's
that, that, that theme is
been emanating from us. And
I know it's been spread
to other teams as well,
including the WTF team, you
know, knowing that we got
to make our stuff easier
for people to use and
pick up. And, and I
think that is that washes
through the company will help
this, you know, having this
prescriptive solution versus, Hey, here's
35 ways to shoot yourself
in the foot. What about
us building stuff that already
exists? I know that that's
like a big point of
contention with the community. The
idea that, and I realize,
I personally don't think it's
necessarily reasonable to say like,
Oh, we're going to build
a logger. Why don't you
just use log for net?
I mean, there's, there's lots
of issues around who owns
it. How, how, how the,
is there support with it?
Does it do this? Does
it do that? But for
the most part, every time
we build something new, that's
a Lego piece. Somebody says,
why didn't you use food.net
cause food.net does that already?
The biggest example is entity
framework and in hibernate, but
smaller examples come up as
well. When do we, when
do we want to use
community stuff and not build
something like, and how would
we always say, throw your
support behind, you know, what
do you, what do you
think that means? And how
do we do that? And
will we do that? I
think you see us doing
that more and more, you
know, over time. I mean,
obviously the best example of
this is, you know, five
years ago we wrote something
called the Microsoft Ajax library.
And it was basically a,
you know, a bunch of,
bunch of the teams sitting
in a room going, Hey,
what, what kind of tools
would a JavaScript developer wants?
And pretty much anything that
was thrown into into, into
that, into that library, you
know, existed in another, another
library called jQuery. And you
know, now we're shipping jQuery
in the box and we're
slowly cutting the ties to
Microsoft Ajax. Each release of,
of one of our products
probably has less Microsoft Ajax
in it and more jQuery
in it. And maybe at
some point in the future,
we'll be all jQuery and
no, no Microsoft Ajax. I
think what you're talking about
is something that is happening
in the company as well.
You know, you've seen it
with our products, we ship
modernizer, we shipped jQuery, UI
shipped jQuery. There's a good
chance in the future that
we're going to be shipping
jQuery mobile. You know, for
the most part, we try
to find things, you know,
now let's say our, our
first first choice is to
go look and see, is
there something out there that
actually meets the needs and
solves the scenarios a hundred
percent if there is, I
think there's a good chance.
We'll, we'll try to use
it. We've been much more
successful. You know, all those
libraries I just told you,
we've been, we've been pretty
successful shipping those things in
the box, even with visual
studio. So I think the
it's getting easier for us
to do that. And the
other thing is, you know,
everybody out there in the,
in the world probably thinks
all of Microsoft's got, you
know, thousands of people and,
you know, the ESPN team
has probably some huge team
building these, these web strategies.
And the reality is over
the whole last 10 years
that we've been doing asp.net.
It's not a very big
team. I mean, most people
would be shocked to find
out that we only have
about 10 or 11 devs.
We've got four or five
PMs and a handful of,
of 10 or 12 testers
that make up the core
ESPN that team. So if
you add all that together,
you know, it's going to
be 30 or 40 50
people, something like that, but
it's not going to be
the hundreds or thousands or,
or what people would expect.
And so, you know, I
love, I love trying to
embrace some of the stuff
that's out there from the
standpoint that why would I
spend time with my limited
resources rebuilding what's already there.
So if we find some
good stuff out there, especially
if our customers tell us
about it, I think that
that would be the most
important thing. It'd be fun
for you to run some
kind of a thing on
your blog or Twitter and
ask people what libraries that
are out there that people
think are common enough across
all web development, that we
should include them in the
box. You know, at the
same time, I was kind
of a tangent on what
you said, we're also doing
something else. Historically, when we
add new features to asp.net,
or we add new feature
features to.net, we do that
in the, in the core
platform, the core.net framework, that
core.net framework only ships every,
you know, two to three
years, or at least it's
been historically doing that. I
don't know if that's going
to change in the future,
but for the past couple
of years, every two or
three years, we ship a
new version of the.net framework.
That's a, that's a long
time for us to have
to sit on a new,
a new feature before we
can actually give it to
our customers. And so with
the introduction of new gate
earlier this year, that's kind
of a new way for
us to add features. And
so far I can already
say for the next version
of the, of the.net framework,
about a month or two
ago, we had some, some
really cool features. One of
these is having a asp.net
providers that support at the
Azure environment, Azure sequel, SQL
compact databases. And our plan
was to actually ship those
in the, in the box
as part of.net. We also
have some work that we've
demoed a few times this
year called web optimization, where
we can do some combining
of JS and CSS files,
some compression and stuff like
that on those files. And
originally we were going to
put those features into the
next version of the.net framework,
but right before one of
the milestones, we're like, why
are we putting these things
in the framework? That means
we can only rev them
every three years. And so
what you're going to see
us do is we'll probably
start building more features and
as new get packages. And
then what we'll do is
we'll change the templates and
ASP nets. So when you
say file new project, we'll
just, pre-install some of these
new gets into your, into
your application. The benefit for
the customer is we're no
longer tied to that three
year cycle. You would get
upgradability, but using the package
manager. So we think it's
a much better experience that
same mechanism, I think also
will allow us to include
more third party stuff with,
with new releases and not
requiring us once again, to
wait for framework releases and
all that kind of stuff
we could maybe next April,
we could just say, Hey,
here's the ASP net 2012
release. And all that really
is, is a bunch of
new project templates that get
injected in individual studio. And
those new project templates just
installed a bunch of pre
pre-installed new gets into your
project. So I think, I
think we're going to work
on, on, you know, trying
to not duplicate work that's
out there in the community.
And I think we're going
to try to not add
features to the core framework
as much as we had
in the past. I mean,
obviously some things, you know,
infrastructure, like if you want
to support some of the
new async stuff that we've
been demoing for the last
year or so, that has
to be in the core
framework, but we're now asking
ourselves the question, does it
have to be in the
core framework? And if it
doesn't and we use new
GATS, new gate is also
the same mechanism that we're
shipping some of these third
party libraries as part of
projects as well. And I
think to see us continue
to, to continue to do
that. So we'll both grab
new libraries from the community
and add features via new
get. And as I said,
I think it'd be a
great exercise for you to
sit there and say, Hey,
is there some library out
there that most of our
customers think we should have
in the, in the product?
Okay. Maybe a use of
user voice to do the
voting on that. Yeah. Just
to see what, you know,
the only thing that we,
we tend to try to
do is when we, when
we do make a choice
like that, we want something
that's gonna have brought adoption,
right? So we, we want,
something's gonna affect a lot
of our customers. If we
think it's only gonna affect
five or 10% of our
customers, then go and sell
the new gateway. So, so
in, in doing stuff like
that, I wouldn't, I spoke
at, at a conference yesterday
that was at Intel and
showed a bunch of stuff
in new get, and one
of the big concerns that
people said, and I think
it might be because I
was at a large corporation
or that, well, you know,
my company XYZ doesn't want
anyone to, to do open
source, or we only have
these licenses or these things,
you know, how do we,
as we move towards open
source, get other companies that
aren't even considering open source
projects to, to think about
open source. Well, I think
one of the things is,
is via shipping the things
in the box. We're solving
some of those problems for
people, because if we're shipping
it in the box, that
means we're typically are shipping
it with a license that
is probably amenable to the
customer. A lot of, a
lot of corporations are afraid
of open source because let's
say company a has a
patent and they started shipping
an open source library that
is very similar to the
technology. They have patented by
them, that technology, that opensource
library, they actually basically potentially
lose the rights to their
patent. And so that's one
of the areas that you
see companies being afraid to
use some open source that,
Hey, we might, we might
lose some of our own
intellectual property, the rights to
some of our own intellectual
properties by embracing this. So,
you know, one thing we
do is we, we typically
relicense some of these open
source libraries that we ship
with a lot with, with
a license that protects us.
So that's, that's one thing.
Another thing is, you know,
any, any library that we
ship as part of visual
studio or a part of
an NBC release or an
asp.net release is also backed
by our support staff. So,
you know, if, if, if
one of our customers wants
to has a problem with
jQuery and wants to pick
up the phone and call
our support service and ask,
you know, about a problem
with jQuery, we'll help them
with jQuery. So I think
anything that we're shipping, cause
it's part of our umbrella,
you're getting the Microsoft support
policy to go with it.
And I think those are,
those are two things that,
that definitely help some of
those, you know, other companies
out there We've had, we've
had groups inside Microsoft that
have said, I don't want
to use this product because
we don't think jQuery is
allowed, even though it is
That's. That's correct. So we've,
I was going to say
that the next thing I
was, was going to lead
to is we know we've
had many teams inside of
Microsoft come to us and
say, Hey, we want to
use jQuery. Or we want
to use jQuery UI. And
you know, and we're told
we're not allowed to do
that. And that's, that's, that's
slowly changing as well. If
you are a Microsoft employee
inside of Microsoft, our legal
site now has a whole
section on shipping OSS software
with, With your software, With
a bunch of guidelines and
stuff on how to what
the processes are. You know,
before, when, when I joined
Microsoft, you know, four or
five years ago, there was
no process. Basically you had
to go talk to a
lawyer, you know, at the
office and, and convince them
that it would be safe
for us to ship. You
know, one of those libraries
now, because it's becoming more
and more prevalent, all that
guidance and stuff is already
on the, on the internal
website here, employee can go
there, read the rules on
what they have to do
to ship something, you know,
and as I said, the
main thing that, that Microsoft
worried about is just making
sure it doesn't lose any
of its rights to its
own intellectual property. It's as,
as part of your using
one of those libraries. And
as long as we can
resolve that, then you know,
you're free to use them.
So how long do you
think it will take for
Scott to defragment the whole
thing I don't have. I
think, I think it will
happen pretty fast. I, I
think that under the same
roof, as everybody else in
this, in this new Azure
application platform team, you know,
I'm going to get, you'll
see lots of changes over
the next. This might sound
like a long timeframe, but
I think over the next,
the reality is even though
we, we moved under that
new name a month or
two ago, just right now,
are we actually figuring out
what that means, what that
means? And so, you know,
it's going to take us
a little bit of time
just to, just to work
through that. But I think,
you know, maybe by this
time, next year, we'll, we'll
resolve a lot of that.
Yeah. It definitely seems like,
I mean, I've heard Scott
give, he's starting to give,
he's sending out vision documents
and vision PowerPoints and talking
to people and you know,
people know Scott, right. And
they trust him because he's,
he's got some common sense
and he very much seems
to have an attitude of
like, Hey, here's how this
should work. Here's how this
should work. He sits down
and explains it. And you
know, as with almost all
of these kinds of organizational
things, it really is organizational
stuff. That's kind of holding,
holding us back. You know,
if it could be said
that anything is holding us
back in my, in my
experience and what I know
about our groups, it's almost
never talent. It's almost always
communication and organizational stuff tidying
up the organization can make
it just easier. Whether it
be where people sit in
the, in the, in the
building literally, or what meetings
they're in or what, what,
what goal and what target
that they're aiming at. And
that's something that's, you know,
not to kiss Scott's butter
or anything, but that's something
that he's really good at
good at doing. Yeah, I
agree. As you said, I
think hopefully as part of
these, these reorg reorganizations, that
we'll take all the, you
know, those teams and make
them very close to each
other. You know, for example,
right now the WTF team,
for example, used to be
in a different organization than
us, meaning that they had
the organization had their goals.
The organization we were in
dev had its goals, and
those goals always did not
align 100%. And you know,
now being under the same
organization, you know, we will
make all those, those things,
you know, align the same
way. And you know, we'll
also move all those teams
closer together. I mean, right
now, you know, the WCF
team is in building 18,
we're in building 42 for
people that have never seen
our campus. You can't really
just tell by the numbers
how far somebody away is.
But the reality is they're,
they're a good six, seven
blocks away, which means, you
know, the only time you
see those people is if
you get to something where
you're actually in their building
or vice versa, I think
we'll all be hopefully in
the same building and they'll
just be walking in the
hall. So that's why I
think it's a great move
by Scott to put all
these different technologies that are
web facing, you know. Cool.
Well, thanks for chatting with
me today, boss. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes and I'll see you
again next week.